[Music]
hey everyone I'm back to uni in the next
few days so I'm going to pack and study
and prepare for uni today so I hope you
enjoy I started by making a to-do list
you know the drill I decided to separate
the tasks out into three categories
study pack and other first item on the
agenda was to review and update my
University packing list I have an Excel
spreadsheet with everything in theory
that I need to take to uni with me
delivery excuse to breathe into loot
okay I've just taken the first of two
deliveries I'm in charge of today such a
responsible adult I got back to updating
my packing list and then realised I was
actually adding far more items than I
was removing so yeah fun fact I don't
pack light the hairdresser's here so
I'll be back in a mo my sister was
having her hair cut first so I got back
to my laptop my point is I'm very prone
to forgetting things when I go to uni so
I like to take everything off this list
and voila the finished product
[Music]
I then started going through my physics
field collection a highlight annotate
write flashcards and repeats then I
popped off top my hair trimmed slash
fixed let me tell you more
so me and Lydia have both had our hair
fixed because I had a traumatic haircut
on Monday Lydia had a traumatic style
hello
but now our hair has been we've gone
back to a local address and and what
really she just came around I'm gonna
carry on studies I'm gonna have to ask
you luck and back to the grind so I've
decided to go through these lecture
notes in particular because we're
starting with electromagnetism in my
physics module next year so I want to be
really solid with the first year stuff
relating back
[Music]
and here's the satisfying moment I
ticked it off my to-do list
[Music]
okay so now I need to sort through this
whole stack of folders from last year
and I think there's a little stuff in
there too and all those folders up there
wish me luck
this is just such a pilot junk I swear I
can't be the only person who does this
when they get home from uni like I get
home from uni dump my stuff in the
corner and just do nots all through it
and I have major regrets
[Music]
okay I've made some progress they said
what I'm taking two loonies this is all
my folders I've got loads of empty ones
that I've taken out all the stuff I no
longer needed so I can put my new work
in there got spare box for packing up
after lunch and this is all old stuff
that I'm gonna keep in case ever I need
my earth sciences or chemistry lecture
notes but let's face it probably won't
ever look at this stuff again it's gonna
go up in the attic somewhere going well
[Music]
time for a quick lunch I watched some
suits on netflix while I ate for anyone
who hasn't seen it I would highly
recommend
[Music]
so we've had a slight change of plan my
sister has left her train ticket at the
train station her season ticket that she
uses for college so I've now got to go
retrieve it so she doesn't have to pay
40 pounds or whatever for a new one
this video has somehow turned into a
drive with me did not see that coming
but you know come join me
[Music]
radio let's go
we've had no luck the ticket office was
closed as well so I couldn't even ask
you to hand it in next thing is to go do
some questions on gravitational fields I
got the questions up on my laptop and
worked in silence
[Music]
I eventually completed the questions I
wanted to get done and take the multiply
to do this I decided to quickly go
through my packing list and highlight
everything I boxed up earlier so I knew
what was in next I got together the
shoes and bags I want to take to uni and
put them all in a box
[Music]
okay so we're on to one of the most
tedious parts of packing now for
clothing I need to make sure I have
everything good I got my clothes a lot
so I'm going to take them all and pile
them up ready to go into the sea
okay first a lot this lot is all of my
stuff I wait for malls next look I know
it's hard to believe
[Music]
okay so I'm on to writing birthday cards
for everyone in the family because all
their birthdays are while I'm away at
uni so sneak peek and I'm not going to
show you anymore because they might
watch the video or they might not
I mean it's maybe it's wishful thinking
thinking my own family would watch the
video but we'll see I'm gonna get going
[Music]
success I'm written them all here is my
pile of cards okay
so writing cards was actually the easy
bit because I don't have presents for my
mum and my dad or my auntie yet my
sister is sorted but the other three
I've got no idea so I'm just about to go
online and figure out one game so I
started up well like I actually made it
onto the John Lewis website but then my
friend Skyped me and I got a little bit
distracted
ah look I've got distracted and here are
these guys I was supposed to be
organizing birthday presents for the
family instead I'm talking to these guys
Maisy you've just started Junie how's it
going excellent Leo you you've been at
home as usual how's it going okay well
that's the update from these guys say
bye do you know what though by our
standards it was actually quite a short
Skype cool I had some discipline and
dragged myself away from the phone to
get some more stuff done so I've just
had a delivery this was outside my door
and apparently it's my going away to uni
present waffle mix very very exciting so
I think we're having dinner in like half
an hour's time so the plan is I'm gonna
go through my waves lecture notes now
and then after dinner I will finish up
my packing bits
[Music]
check out my very exciting dinner after
dinner I headed back upstairs and packed
up some more bits and pieces from around
my room and here I'm sorting through a
box of decorations for my uni room I've
collected lots of stuff over summer that
I'm going to pin up on my notice board
and of course my leopard print giraffe
figure could not be left behind then I
shifted everything into a pile on the
floor since I needed to use my bed to
sleep in that night I ticked my last few
bits off my to-do list having completed
all my tasks of the day then I made an
impromptu decision to do a face mask
because why not
oh my god it smells of honey I love this
face mask I've never tried it before but
boy does it smell good then I got ready
to bed because I was very tired make
sure you like subscribe and hit the
notification bell and I'll see you see
[Music]